Previously on Teen Wolf...
Lydia, you have to wake up.
There's no way we're getting
through this without you.
Hey, what if the Dread
Doctors are hiding the bodies.
Maybe they're protecting it
like a parent would.
Protecting what?
It's called the Beast.
The Beast of Gevaudan.
Giant wolf.
Shapeless, like a shadow.
- What are they?
- It's all of us.
Why should I trust you?
You shouldn't.
Corinne! You kill her
now and we get nothing.
I killed my own family
because of you.
I'm your family, sweetheart.
Wait a second, what is this?
They shaved her head.
What are they gonna do?
Drill a hole into her head?
Now we get Lydia.
Unit Five heading northwest on
Crescent reporting an incredibly large...
Something.
Unit Nine, to Dispatch,
I think I've got eyes
on the same thing.
Some kind of rabid animal.
Unit Five to Nine,
trust me, that's no animal.
Unit Six to Dispatch.
We have a situation downtown.
Multiple fatalities.
Copy, medics on the way.
Do you have a perp
in sight, Unit Six?
Negative. Looks like
a 10-91E. Animal attack.
10-4, can you say
what kind of animal?
All units stay back.
Do not engage.
I repeat, do not engage.
Stiles, get off the radio.
All unit alert.
Wait for back-up.
Repeat, no one goes
near this thing.
Unit Five reporting a sighting
on Hill Road southbound...
Unit Nine, I've got it
turning off Oakridge,
southbound on Beachwood...
All units, this is Dispatch.
We've got a 911 call with
additional sighting on Mitchell.
Wait a second?
Beachwood to Mitchell?
It's headed back
for the hospital.
Dad... Stiles, get
off this channel.
Dad, just listen to me, okay?
It's headed for
the hospital, all right.
He's headed for Beacon Memorial.
You hear me?
It's headed for the hospital.
Again, this is a Code White,
a full hospital evacuation.
All critical patients will be
taken by ambulance to Hill Valley.
Unit Five, Clark,
I need eyes on Parrish.
Does anyone have Parrish's 20?
All units,
we have a 911 emergency call
reporting a man on fire
running into Beacon Memorial.
Clark, disregard.
Fourth floor.
Parrish? You okay?
Deputy!
What I'm about to show you
isn't supposed to exist.
This is the only surviving
evidence of Dr. Valack's time
as Chief Medical Officer
of Eichen House.
To call it human experimentation
would be charitable.
A Banshee.
She died screaming.
So, he drilled holes into
their heads? All of them?
That was
the experimentation part.
He did it to Werewolves,
Banshees, Wendigos,
any creature he could
get his hands on.
And Valack found
that trepanation
would initially
heighten their powers,
but to levels that
couldn't be contained.
So he wants to make
Lydia more powerful.
Yeah. Except she's going
to end up like them.
Worse, actually.
Lydia's abilities were already
pretty exceptional to begin with.
Putting a hole in her head
will be like causing a leak
in a nuclear reactor.
She'll hear everything.
Every death, every dying scream,
all at once.
That's going to kill her.
Not only that...
Her own dying scream
could be so powerful that it might
kill everyone around her as well.
I'm doing everything I can, but
her mom is her legal guardian.
She's the only person who can
check her out of Eichen House.
Can't we get a court
order or something?
Technically, trepanation is still
considered a medical procedure.
A judge would have to declare
Natalie unfit, which isn't likely.
It could all take months.
So you're saying there's
nothing we can do.
I'm saying there's
nothing we can do...
Legally.
There's four steps.
We get into Eichen,
we get into the Closed Unit,
we get Lydia, get out.
And we have to do it all of
this while getting past orderlies,
guards, electric door locks,
and a Mountain Ash barrier.
You have a plan for all of that?
I stole this last night
off an orderly.
But it's useless 'cause they
reset the codes each night.
So why did you take it?
I'm getting to that.
The only way to get Lydia out of Eichen
is to make that key card work again.
How are you going to do that?
We're getting to that,
okay, just listen.
I pulled all the history
off the key card.
Two weeks ago, there was a brownout
and the security system rebooted.
During a reboot, all of the key
cards revert back to a default code.
So, if we trigger a reboot...
The card goes back
to the default code.
It works again.
How are we going
to cause a brownout?
That's your part.
You're going to draw
power from the main line.
But only enough
to cause the brownout.
Not a blackout.
Do that and you send Eichen
into lockdown which would be bad.
Very, very bad.
There's an electrical room
behind the reception counter.
The main power line goes into two
breakers that run power to all of Eichen.
Okay, slight problem.
I don't know how to do that.
That's okay. You have
time to practice.
Let's say all this
goes perfectly.
How does a brownout get us
into the Closed Unit of Eichen?
The system takes
five minutes to reboot.
In that five minutes all
the alarms will be turned off
the key card should work.
Liam, you and I get Stiles
to the gate of the Closed Unit.
But after that,
he has to go on his own.
We can't get past
the Mountain Ash barrier.
And when we're gone,
all anyone's going to think
is that there was a reboot
of the security system
caused by a brownout.
Uh, any questions?
How do we get into Eichen
House in the first place?
What's our worst-case scenario?
What if I can't do it?
Okay, admittedly,
a lot could go wrong.
Everything could go wrong.
Guys, if we don't do this,
we lose Lydia.
She's going to die
in there tonight.
And she might take a lot
of innocent people with her.
Have you ever actually
put that thing on someone?
Not in years.
Close the doors, would you?
How do you know it still works?
I don't.
I suppose we should
give it a try.
What?
Do it. Do your thing.
What thing?
I don't have a thing.
You did it before.
You had to learn how, right?
Actually, no.
It just happened.
How'd you learn
to fight with a sword?
That just kind of happened too.
So you've never worked for anything
and basically you're a cheater?
This wasn't my idea.
How are we even
getting past the front gate?
I have a guy on the inside.
And stop changing
the subject. Do your thing.
It didn't work.
No, it didn't.
Just promise you're not
coming back in one of these.
We're coming back with Lydia.
Okay.
We still don't know
who's actually doing this.
Who the Beast is.
We'll find out.
You think it's someone we know?
I hope not.
You think he even
knows he's doing it?
How are you so sure it's a he?
You still mad at me?
No.
But if you try
to kill my son again,
I'll put you in one
of these myself.
She's still mad.
That's the worst plan
I've ever heard.
Okay, the plan is perfect
and it'll work perfectly,
especially if you agree
to drive the van.
Is the Sheriff
on board with this?
How do you think I got the keys?
I thought you stole them.
While that's a perfectly
reasonable assumption,
I did not steal them.
And we need you because
all of the Eichen guards
know all of the
Sheriff's Deputies, okay.
We need a real deputy.
And one who won't ask questions.
It's not safe to bring me along.
I'm dangerous.
So is the giant murdering
werewolf that's killed over 30 people,
but somehow didn't kill you.
Can I ask you a question?
No.
Did your mother
really try to kill you?
Did your mother try to leave you
in the desert with Skinwalkers?
Are you really going
to try to kill her first?
Why'd you take off the goggles?
Because this time
you're gonna do it.
And it's gonna work.
Because this is the only way we're
getting Lydia out of Eichen House.
Kira, it's working.
We should go. Yeah.
My Dad's got the lab
working on the shoe prints.
But, uh we're both
kind of mystified about
how giant clawed werewolf feet
turn back into a pair of sneakers.
Argent said it wouldn't be like
anything we've ever seen before.
Did he say it was going to
defy the laws of physics?
What are you doing here?
I still need to graduate.
No. No. What you need is to be
beaten severely with a lead pipe
wrapped in barbed wire...
Okay, I admit that
mistakes were made.
Murders. Some murders were made.
You know how the Soviets
helped us win World War II?
They knew how to make it
through a Russian winter.
That it? Okay. Thank
you, Theo. Very informative.
If you're planning to break
Lydia out of Eichen House,
you still need to get
past the Mountain Ash.
We can make it through.
You can't, Scott.
What do you really want?
I know you saw the fresco.
Two seriously
pissed off creatures,
the Hellhound and the Beast,
fighting over a pile
of dead bodies.
I don't want to be one of
the bodies, it's that simple.
I can get you to Lydia.
Or we can see
who gets to her first.
There's no way he knows
what Valack's doing.
Why's he so interested in her?
He probably thinks
what we're all thinking.
That Lydia's got something
bigger to do with this.
That maybe she's the only one
who can actually save us.
I appreciate you sharing your
thoughts, but if you don't mind,
I have recommendations to write.
Natalie, you know
what's going on.
You know about the
Closed Unit in Eichen House.
And you know what's down there.
I know how to survive
in Beacon Hills.
That's what I know.
Then just check on her.
What if I'm right?
You know, my
mother-in-law, Lorraine,
predicted her wife's death.
And when I was in college, I
was overcome with this feeling
that something terrible
was happening to my sister.
When I called her,
she was in the hospital
with a burst appendix.
These moments
happen for everyone.
And you know what
they're called?
Undeniable proof
of the supernatural?
Coincidence.
Take a look at this.
It might expand your
definition of, uh, coincidence.
She took out the whole school?
She took out the whole grid.
Look, I failed every
single practice try.
This isn't going to work.
How far can we get
without the brownout?
The front door. We're going.
Scott, we went through
boxes of light bulbs.
It doesn't matter.
You can do this.
The key card won't work
unless there's a reboot.
And there's no reboot
without a brownout.
I know you can do this.
Anyone here think she can't?
Not me.
I was the one who
put you in the plan.
What?
"I believe in you too, Kira."
I'm the one who's going to be
locked in an electrical room with her.
You can do it.
You guys are all crazy.
We're gonna die.
Please remember
to follow visitor procedure.
Eichen House has
a wide range of patients
and we cannot
guarantee the safety of those
who deviate from the rules.
Delivery to the morgue.
I don't see you on the list.
You heard about
the animal attacks, right?
The hospital ran out
of refrigerated drawers
and Eichen's got the only other
up-to-code morgue in the county.
Let's have a look.
I don't think you
want to do that.
The stench back there almost
made me pass out while driving.
Open the back
of the van, please.
I'll need to log
the names off the toe tags.
There's significant decomp.
They were found in the county
tunnels way past rigor.
Open them up, please.
No, no.
Go, just go.
Not again, Nelson.
- It's natural.
- So is 50,000 volts.
Oh, my God.
Never again.
Fifteen minutes. Starting now.
We're in. We did it.
Don't get too excited.
Getting out's the hard part.
Twelve minutes.
Okay, Kira. You can do this.
I think it's these.
But they're covered in rubber.
You want to
electrocute yourself?
I'll heal.
Not if you die.
I didn't die.
Four minutes.
What are they doing there?
I don't know. Their rounds
should've ended five minutes ago.
I can take them.
No one's taking anyone.
How much time?
Three minutes.
I'll just knock them out
and hide the bodies.
Oh, my God, please stop.
Did you take the doctor?
What? Did you take the doctor?
I haven't had my medication.
I need ten milligrams at 8am,
15 milligrams at 1pm, and
no more than 20 at dinner.
We'll get the doctor...
Dr. Fenris.
They took Dr. Fenris.
I can smell how nervous you are.
Not helping.
Okay.
You can do this.
It's just like we practiced.
You mean like when I
caused a major blackout?
Not like that, no.
Ten seconds. Nine,
eight... Please stop counting.
Why isn't it working?
Because I have no idea
what I'm doing.
I haven't had my medication.
I need to see the doctor.
They took Dr. Fenris.
Hey, somebody shut him up.
I need to see the doctor.
Shut him up.
Come on.
Kira, nothing's happening.
I'm aware of that. I
don't want to lose control
because I'm scared I might
fry the entire system.
Stop worrying about
what you might do.
This isn't about you or me.
It's about Lydia.
We're here to save Lydia.
We're here to save our friend.
Kira, it's working.
Keep going.
She did it. Kira did it.
Five minutes to get to Lydia.
Where's the card reader?
It should be here.
It has to be here.
They must have taken it out when
the Dread Doctors got through.
Are you telling me we
came all the way down here
just to be stopped by an
ordinary key? Are you kidding me?
We don't need a key.
Not if we can break it down.
South gate clear, over.
Do I make you nervous?
Shouldn't you already
know the answer to that?
Well, I thought it would be
more polite to ask.
But yes,
a girl your age shouldn't
have a resting heart rate
of a 110 beats per minute.
How about you unshackle
me from this thing
and we'll both be
a little more at ease?
How stupid do you think I am?
Since I highly doubt you want me
to answer that question honestly,
let me propose an alternative.
You set me free
and I'll tell you a secret
about those talons
sitting in that jar over there.
I may be blind,
but my other senses paint
a very detailed picture.
I know the talons were created
by the Dread Doctors.
So what?
So Theo believes he can
fit them onto his own claws
like a couple of press-on nails?
Use them to siphon
the power from the Beast?
Good luck with that.
What do you mean?
The Dread Doctors would have designed
those talons with a specific frequency.
For a specific person.
As a genetic Chimera yourself,
I would've thought
you'd understand
how often the body
rejects an organ.
Especially from
an outside donor.
If he puts them on, then...
Yes, Hayden. They'll kill him.
Guys, we're running out of time.
We can't. The Mountain Ash.
It's too much.
Hit me.
What?
I'll get angry
then I'll get stronger.
Hit him. Hit him!
I tried to take your powers.
I tried to kill you.
Hit me.
He also left you for dead.
I wanted you dead.
Do it again.
It's gotta be harder than that.
Do it!
Yeah!
You angry?
Let's do this.
Stiles, go.
Only two minutes.
Stiles...
You can't be here.
You're going to die if you stay.
All of you.
Those guards shouldn't be there.
We could get past them.
We could. But we don't want to
set off any alarm until Lydia is out.
Perimeter security,
check in please.
Perimeter, do you copy?
Stiles, he's coming.
Lydia, I'm not leaving you here.
You have to.
Stiles, go.
Please.
Visiting hours
are well past over.
We're not here to visit.
We're here for Lydia Martin.
Hello?
Hello, this is Natalie Martin. I need
to see my daughter immediately.
Open the gate.
It's started.
We need to get you out of here.
What about the others?
They should already be
back at the morgue. Let's go.
Stay focused, Lydia.
What did you do to me?
I've amplified your abilities.
Something that might just
save the lives of your friends.
Theo and Hayden. They found it.
They were looking for Noah,
but they found a symbol.
A circle inside of another
circle, carved into a wall.
The symbol of Scott's pack.
It was more
than a symbol, wasn't it?
It was a promise
to reunite them.
Yes.
But has Scott done it yet?
Will he be coming for you?
Someone's coming.
But it's not Scott.
We're never going
to get through.
You've gotten through it
before, though, right?
Ah, it was a life
and death situation.
And this isn't?
This isn't just a circle.
There's Mountain Ash
in half the building.
Stiles and Lydia had five
minutes to get in and out.
It's been almost ten.
The reboot's over.
And the key card
doesn't work anymore.
And then there's
the four security guards.
What guards?
Those guards.
I can't believe this is actually
a medical establishment.
Now what would a pack of
Chimeras want with a Banshee?
I don't want a Banshee.
I'm looking for a Hellhound.
You wanted a Hellhound...
I think you found one.
Lockdown.
Come on.
We're getting Lydia out of here.